# Project Title

Simple openid connect middleware for authentication. This library aims to provide authentication for against openic provider using a minimum of dependencies and with minimal changes to already written projects.

Status: pre -alpha. As it it works... but its itnerfaces are NOT stable yet and it has known memory leaks AND it not performance optimized yet.

## Getting Started

NOT written Yet

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.



ay what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```


# Contributing

Prior to receiving information from any contributor, Symantec requires
that all contributors complete, sign, and submit Symantec Personal
Contributor Agreement (SPCA).  The purpose of the SPCA is to clearly
define the terms under which intellectual property has been
contributed to the project and thereby allow Symantec to defend the
project should there be a legal dispute regarding the software at some
future time. A signed SPCA is required to be on file before an
individual is given commit privileges to the Symantec open source
project.  Please note that the privilege to commit to the project is
conditional and may be revoked by Symantec.

If you are employed by a corporation, a Symantec Corporate Contributor
Agreement (SCCA) is also required before you may contribute to the
project.  If you are employed by a company, you may have signed an
employment agreement that assigns intellectual property ownership in
certain of your ideas or code to your company.  We require a SCCA to
make sure that the intellectual property in your contribution is
clearly contributed to the Symantec open source project, even if that
intellectual property had previously been assigned by you.

Please complete the SPCA and, if required, the SCCA and return to
Symantec at:

Symantec Corporation
Legal Department
Attention:  Product Legal Support Team
350 Ellis Street
Mountain View, CA 94043

Please be sure to keep a signed copy for your records.


## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags). 

## Authors

* **Camilo Viecco** - *Initial work* - [cviecco](https://github.com/cviecco)


## License
Copyright 2017 Symantec Corporation.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the “License”); you
may not use this file except in compliance with the License.

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details


